docs: add desc field (#1951)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/run.md

- `--external` - allow outputs that are outside of the DVC repository. See
  [Managing External Data](/doc/user-guide/managing-external-data).

> - `--desc <description>` - arbitrary string description for this stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--desc <text>` - arbitrary description for the stage outputs. This doesn't
  affect any DVC operations.
```
